Oauth2 readme edits (#75)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/source_examples/oauth2_with_token_refresh/readme.md

# OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector Example

> NOTE: We have Fivetran connector for HubSpot that users can integrate directly on the dashboard [here](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot#hubspot). You can use this example as a reference for the cases where you want to connect to a custom OAuth2 source that requires access token refresh.

## Prerequisites

1. If you don't have a HubSpot account, follow HubSpot's [instructions](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/apps/public-apps/overview) to create one.

2. Create a developer account and a HubSpot app with scopes and redirect URL. See HubSpot's [OAuth documentations](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/app-management/oauth) for details.

> 3. Use this above credentials in Postman inside Authroization->OAuth2.0 as shown in the below ss:

Author: @fivetran-pranavtotala what does this mean?
"Use this above credentials" - I believe we need to list the credentials for when image may be broken

     ![Screenshot1.png](Screenshot1.png)

4. Fetch the Refresh Token:
    1. Clicking on the `Get new access Token` button, you will be redirected on a browser signup popup.

>     1. Log in with your dev account, and grant access. The popup will close and you should see the following window with tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
    1. Log in to your developer account, and grant access. The popup will close and you should see the following window with tokens.
```

Author: Grant access whom?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Log in to your developer account, and approve to grant access to the redirect url. The popup will close and you should see the following window with tokens.
```

# OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector Example

> NOTE: We have Fivetran connector for HubSpot that users can integrate directly on the dashboard [here](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot#hubspot). You can use this example as a reference for the cases where you want to connect to a custom OAuth2 source that requires access token refresh.

## Prerequisites

1. If you don't have a HubSpot account, follow HubSpot's [instructions](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/apps/public-apps/overview) to create one.

2. Create a developer account and a HubSpot app with scopes and redirect URL. See HubSpot's [OAuth documentations](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/app-management/oauth) for details.

> 3. Use this above credentials in Postman inside Authroization->OAuth2.0 as shown in the below ss:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the ClientId, ClientSecret and RedirectUrl from the developer account, and paster it in the Postman app inside Authorization->OAuth2.0 as shown in the below SS:
```
